Closure. It's kind of a weird word that's not super descriptive.
So, what is it?
A closure is a combination of a function and it's lexical environment,
which is the scope of the function,
which is basically what identifiers that has access to.
Scope and closure, they're very closely related.
Now, every function has its own closure just like every function has its own scope.
What makes the function's closure powerful is
when that function is returned from another function.
When a function is declared in a function but
returned and run outside of where it was declared,
it will still have access to the scope it was declared in because of closure.